docs: clarify about error in shada (#25594)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/starting.txt

write to it and then rename `{basename}.tmp.X` to `{basename}`. Such errors
include:

> - Errors which make Nvim think that the file being read is not a ShaDa 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Errors which make Nvim think that the file being read is not a ShaDa
```

                       reasons, see |shada-compatibility|.

								*E575* *E576*

> Errors in ShaDa file may have two types: 

Author: Could you help me commit your changes directly? I'm not so familiar with PR.

1. E575 for “logical” errors.
2. E576 for “critical” errors.  

> When writing, critical errors trigger behaviour described in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When writing, critical errors trigger behaviour described in
```

|shada-error-handling|.

> When reading, critical errors trigger behaviour skipping the rest of the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When reading, critical errors cause the rest of the file to be skipped.
```
